[Music]
The most important one is watching us, in total, you
cheated on me on Sunday, they didn't tell me
with a party Ah What a scare I say how that I got
lost here I
don't see you on the Anacotilla Channel But
anyway Look, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, now
we're talking about the party Ana
cotillas Well now she's going to be
delighted
please
And she's going to love it because tomorrow I'm going to
give her a video that also isn't for nothing
but when you mention me they are quite
seen that for nothing but that's how it is okay
Ana cotillas this lady What's wrong
with me is it the same as
Almería's opinion I don't really know why Besides,
I understand the youtubers that they're not going to be
all Hey, they should be more critical,
less critical but with some arguments
and respect but it's that they say some
outrageous things, I mean I
want to tell you that it's that I've gone in
sometimes to see it and there's another one in
particular that has less subscribers
thank God that is about to
sue him because it's already bordering on Understand me
insults thing I say but there are these people
and I say but how can these people have
people who follow and applaud what they
say and then those same people go around as the
standard-bearer of a movement that
represents the opposite of what you
are doing you know I don't know anyway Javi
what can I tell you that they have I think it's
like another different language because they have
some contexts some concepts that I
precisely criticize but then they
do it while they are supposed to
defend it I don't know there are things that I don't
understand totally but yes the horns
What did you do party Taking advantage of my
absence Look well I took advantage of your absence let's
see also I tell you my goodness I have read
people on Twitter that it is that you have to
laugh no because it turns out that
well I was in
Fujirola this weekend the birthday of my best
friend and of course due to
professional deformation well one has a great time
but of course we passed by there by
Isabel Pantoja's Wok
and of course I found it vandalized I
found it destroyed I found I
say how does the Old
Cantora restaurant look obviously I went there to
take photos I started making videos I already went
to the press from the city council that I was in
contact with I found out and they published an
article so party to  see Saul we
can put it Yes yes yes in fact I can
send you the videos by WhatsApp
wait if it's because I don't know anymore I don't even know
what I'm doing Do you want me to send you the video
by WhatsApp of how the place is, I mean, it
was. Well, you sent me a
photo, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter, we put the
photo, don't worry okay, the
video is more scandalous But because it's
to hallucinate, scandalous, the
video if the video is scary, I mean, it
gives me a pity really what I say I'm
looking at the photos and no no no no no I'm
going to send the video to you Wait to see
who I sent it to so I can send it to you,
my goodness wait, guys,
okay here
no no no no it's strong eh it's
strong because
But how do you forward it from the WhatsApp
web Am I stupid or what do
you have the little arrow and next to it when
you press
reply but no Yes
yes you put forward because it loads
first you have to load the video
first for it to load because you'll have it
blurry man I'm getting nervous let's
see  how do I curl up calmly it
happens to you and in the middle
But what do I do go to the message and now what do I do
open the video but like it opens the
video it's there And now what but it
comes out to me like wait
Wait a second there are people
but you can't see me no no okay
There goes the video eh
well people are going to go bald
Sotelo bald bald Carrillo bald
Flores
dead Sánchez you already have it
well it's very strong well I see it
with people okay I download it and we watch it
together that's why together we came to
simply see the photo Let's go I mean let's see
Well you imagine
the panorama
people call me Boomer not at all eh or
not too much you already
have it no
yeah one second
my goodness
well Look at the mess okay sealed
by the firefighters by the police you occupy
those are the photos no
yeah my goodness But these crystals
are not easy to break like no no no no no no no no
no Also It's that
this is a there has been a lot of controversy with
this issue because this is a in truth it
is a this belongs okay to the
municipal ownership It belongs to the
city council  from Fuengirola But what happens is that
years ago they gave a concession of
X years to Isabel Pantoja so that she
could exploit these lands, they gave her a kind of
transfer, not for her to be able to rent it
to a private individual or to do whatever she wanted,
basically a little bit, well,
also as an image it's not worth it, what
happens is that for years it had been
rented to an Asian couple and I
spoke to that couple and they paid
12,000 euros a month because it is a Wow with
two floors, it has parking, it has a garage,
the truth is that it is located in a
pretty good place, the truth is that
the two times that I have gone to eat there it is, I mean,
look how strong there were
brutal queues, it worked
super well, but the couple said, you
say it is very expensive and we cannot
meet these expenses, no, then
I have held on for a couple of months now
and the city council considers that it is
obviously not in a condition,
as we are seeing, to open to the public, they
want to claim from her That
sole ownership again, not to take away
that concession and here is where the
move will come because the concession is in her
name  of River 56 bread, the
limited company of Isabel Pantoja, which let's say
came out quite scalded in its last one, they are
all complications and now she is doing very
well on her tour in the United States, this
divine Miami, but this issue is careful. It is that it
is strong, eh. Really, and
I am recording what an expert who
believes I am here, camera of I don't know from the
investigation team, this was the restaurant,
this very powerful
singer that she presented with
her partner who was Diego Gómez after she
was with Julián Muñoz and everything you can
see there, the alarm is
no longer. I mean, I went inside, I went
inside. And it has also been occupied, I
mean, there are people sleeping there, it's very
strong, man. So then it is a bit of a
move, not a party, well, they called me, of
course, what I said. It was that I, well, that
was a phenomenal collaboration on Skype,
in the end it is work and work is paid for
and nothing, training, it was two or three minutes, it
was my cyber reunion with Emma García, it
was very brief, it was two minutes and with
that, it's done. But well, no, I have not
given you the passwords, you must have said
what I was thinking of telling  Tomorrow on tele salseo
but you're going to get away with it because she saw them
messing around with the auronplay total it's not that you
're the one who cheated on me you
know what's going on but I accept these cheating on
you very happy and proud of you
really I mean they're healthy cheating you
know what I want to tell you no I mean I've
seen you so happy that I know that when you
get back with me you're going to continue being the
same I mean no it's not incompatible
the secret to the happiness of the couple
that Karina tells me to unblock her on
Twitter it's that Karina wants to make
peace that she's the one who's in love with me
that we can negotiate Karina let's see
but you're going to give me a hard time Karina because it's that they do
the live shows she's here
because deep down she must love me
and gosh she was always telling me
things about Fidel [ __ ]
we can negotiate well let's see